cli: add: add an --output argument (#2101)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/add.md

- `--desc <text>` - user description of the data (optional). This doesn't affect
  any DVC operations.

> - `-o`, `--output` - adds the `<target>` file from outside the repo to the repo
>   at the specified `<path>`.

Reviewer: Quick copy edit:
```suggestion
- `-o <path>`, `--output <path>` - adds a single external target (file or
  directory) to the specified `path`.
```

Reviewer: But TBH I don't quite understand what this option does from this text.

Reviewer: In any case (as mentioned in https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/5284#pullrequestreview-571029531) the same(?) option is being introduced separately, explained differently [in #2091](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2091/files#diff-e0a7914717a515b54fca157272d09319399f56081e915137ea2e5175d4417319R177-R178):

> - `-o <path>`, `--out <path>` - destination path for the transferred data (can
  only be used with `--to-remote`).

Is it the same concept?
